# ISO/IEC 18045:2022(en)

Information security, cybersecurity and privacy protection — Evaluation criteria for IT security — Methodology for IT security evaluation


IT 安全评估方法论

## 术语
3.1
check
<evaluation> generate a verdict by a simple comparison
Note 1 to entry: Evaluator expertise is not required. The statement that uses this verb describes what is mapped.
3.2
confirm
<evaluation> declare that something has been reviewed in detail with an independent determination of sufficiency
Note 1 to entry: The level of rigour required depends on the nature of the subject matter.
3.3
demonstrate
<evaluation> provide a conclusion gained by an analysis which is less rigorous than a “proof”
3.4
describe
<evaluation> provide specific details of an entity
3.5
determine
<evaluation> affirm a particular conclusion based on independent analysis with the objective of reaching a particular conclusion
Note 1 to entry: The usage of this term implies a truly independent analysis, usually in the absence of any previous analysis having been performed. Compare with the terms “confirm” (3.2) or “verify” which imply that an analysis has already been performed which needs to be reviewed.
3.6
encountered potential vulnerability
potential weakness in the target of evaluation (TOE) identified by the evaluator while performing evaluation activities that can be used to violate the security functional requirements (SFRs)
3.7
ensure
<evaluation> guarantee a strong causal relationship between an action and its consequences
Note 1 to entry: When “ensure” is preceded by the word “help” it indicates that the consequence is not fully certain, on the basis of that action alone.
3.8
evaluation evidence
item used as a basis for establishing the verdict of an evaluation activity
3.9
examine
<evaluation> generate a verdict by analysis using evaluator expertise
Note 1 to entry: The statement that uses this verb identifies what is analysed and the properties for which it is analysed.
3.10
exhaustive
<evaluation> characteristic of a methodical approach taken to perform an analysis or activity according to an unambiguous plan
Note 1 to entry: This term is used in respective parts of the ISO/IEC 15408 series with respect to conducting an analysis or other activity. It is related to “systematic” but is considerably stronger, in that it indicates not only that a methodical approach has been taken to perform the analysis or activity according to an unambiguous plan, but that the plan that was followed is sufficient to ensure (3.7) that all possible avenues have been exercised.
3.11
explain
<evaluation> give argument accounting for the reason for taking a course of action
Note 1 to entry: This term differs from both “describe” (3.4) and “demonstrate” (3.3). It is intended to answer the question “Why?” without actually attempting to argue that the course of action that was taken was necessarily optimal.
3.12
justify
<evaluation> provide a rationale providing sufficient reason
Note 1 to entry: The term ‘justify’ is more rigorous than ‘demonstrate’ (3.3). This term requires significant rigour in terms of very carefully and thoroughly explaining (3.11) every step of a logical analysis leading to a conclusion.
3.13
monitoring attack
generic category of attack methods that includes passive analysis techniques aiming at disclosure of sensitive internal data of the target of evaluation (TOE) by operating the TOE in the way that corresponds to the guidance documents
3.14
observation report
OR
report written by the evaluator requesting a clarification or identifying a problem during the evaluation
3.15
oversight verdict
statement issued by an evaluation authority confirming or rejecting an overall verdict based on the results of evaluation oversight activities
3.16
prove
<evaluation> show correspondence by formal analysis in its mathematical sense
Note 1 to entry: It is completely rigorous in all ways. Typically, the term “prove” is used when there is a desire to show correspondence between two target of evaluation (TOE) security functionality (TSF) representations at a high level of rigour.
3.17
record
<evaluation> retain a written description of procedures, events, observations, insights, and results in sufficient detail to enable the work performed during the evaluation to be reconstructed at a later time
3.18
report
<evaluation> include evaluation results and supporting material in the evaluation technical report, an observation report (3.14) or an evaluation authority report (report of the evaluation authority)
3.19
specify
<evaluation> provide specific details about an entity in a rigorous and precise manner
3.20
trace
<evaluation> establish a relation between two sets of entities, which shows which entities in the first set correspond to which entities in the second
3.21
verdict
statement issued by an evaluator with respect to evaluator action element, assurance component, or class
3.22
verify
<evaluation> rigorously review in detail with an independent determination of sufficiency
Note 1 to entry: Also see “confirm” (3.2). This term has more rigorous connotations. The term “verify” is used in the context of evaluator actions where an independent effort is required of the evaluator.
3.23
window of opportunity
period of time that an attacker has access to the target of evaluation (TOE)
Note 1 to entry:
3.24
work unit
most granular level of evaluation work